---
title: 物联网开源项目 Argot
author: admin
layout: post
date: 2013-06-15
url: /物联网开源项目-argot/
categories:
  - 开发工具
  - 硬件

---
## Argot Introduction

Argot is the first application to offer an extensible communication method that can grow and change over time. Argot provides the extensibility of XML and XML Schema, the ability to describe and encode binary data structures, and is inherently &#8216;version-aware&#8217; at individual types.

Argot is built upon the unique idea that every device or application will contain a <span style="color: #ff0000;">metadata dictionary</span>. The metadata dictionary comprises all the types of information that a particular device can communicate with other devices. This allows each Argot device or application to negotiate directly with its peers, and mutually agree on the information that they are able to use to have a meaningful exchange. This fundamental change of moving the metadata knowledge into the application or device, rather than keeping it externally, is the most important aspect of Argot.

By embedding the metadata into applications, Argot has created a system which mimics human communication. It is analogous to two polylingual people meeting for the first time and negotiating which language they will use to communicate. In some cases, one of the speakers may have a limited vocabulary in a particular language, while the other is an expert. When this occurs, the two speakers will agree on a particular group of words from at least one language that both can use to communicate effectively. If one of these speakers meet a third person, then the new pair of speakers may agree to use a totally different language for their communication. In a similar way, Argot allows two computers to negotiate directly about the individual data structures they will use to communicate. This creates a highly flexible system that is open to continuous and simple change as devices and applications develop over time.

参考：[http://www.argot-sdk.org][1]

 [1]: http://www.argot-sdk.org/